---
layout: post
author: Lost Novel
title: Prologue - The Necromancer
---

Located at the foot of the snow-capped mountains of Alaska, the Great Temple of Oedipus is one of nineteen great temples on the continent dedicated to the supreme creator god. The entire temple is made of ivory-white marble. In front of the temple are twenty-four marble pillars that can only be held together by two adults, and are carved with praise to the creator and his followers.

A statue of an angel towered over the top of the temple, the wings behind it emitting a soft, milky white magic glow that enveloped the entire temple.

It took sixteen years to build the Temple of Oedipus, and on the day of its completion the heavens rang with the long blast of thousands of horns. Flower petals fell like rain, and white holy light descended from the sky. An angel with two wings on its back appeared in the light and blessed the temple with the divine spell "Angel's Blessing". From then on, the Oedipus temple was always covered by the holy light. Of the nineteen temples, it was the only one, apart from the Great Temple of Light where the Pope was staying, where the gods showed miracles when it was completed.

The fifty-five-year-old Cardinal Bren slowly closed the Book of Divine Prayer before him, ending the evening prayer. The choir of white-clad holy girls retired in silence, but the high and solemn hymn seemed to still echo in the air.  Gazing at the flames on the altar, Bren felt an unwarranted pang of annoyance and heat in his heart.

By the time Moon Mordis had passed halfway across the sky, Bren had finally found the source of his troubles. Yes, it was the holy maiden Weena who had just come to the temple today. Her face was extremely classically sculpted and beautiful, her small nose was straight, her lips looked as if they had been carved by a knife, and every part of her body shone with divine brilliance. Every time she moved, the curves hidden beneath her white dress seemed to be in front of Bren's eyes again.

"That's an angel!" Bren talked to himself. His mouth only felt dry, but he couldn't find any water around him. He whispered a few curses and got up to walk out of the temple.

Saint Weena grew up beside the Pope, and no one knew where she came from. For the first time in seventeen years, this was the first time she had set foot outside the Great Temple of Light.

Beneath Weena's snowy white neck, the sacred white robe couldn't hide the undulation that made by even the smallest movements. That undulation was expanding in Bren's mind, burning his nerves.For the first time, Bren even wished a little that he was a thief, so that he could ...... Bren smiled bitterly, no thief could do anything against a level 16 Light Mage, right?  He was only a level 13 Light Mage even though he had been training in the Church for over forty years. God is still partial!

He looked up at the moon, but noticed a touch of blood red in tonight's moonlight. Bren was a little surprised when it suddenly darkened before his eyes. The holy light of the temple was gone!

Darkness was definitely one of the things Bren hated the most. He suppressed his panic, sang in a low voice and drew complex symbols with his fingers, preparing to cast the level 3 spell "Holy Light". In addition to warding off evil, this spell also had a temporary illumination effect.

A black hand etched with countless magic symbols, or rather, a hand bone, silently touched Bren's throat from behind. With a gentle stroke by the index finger, Bren's Holy Light spell no longer had the chance to be cast.

A fully armored warrior stood beside Bren's body. It was wearing deep black full body armor and held a two-handed longsword that burned with black magic flames. It could only be seen from the hand bones holding the sword that it was a skeleton. With its longsword pointed forward, out of the darkness came countless skeleton warriors, swarming towards the temple. Occasionally an undead knight on a flaming bone horse rushed out of the darkness into the Templar's barracks located on both sides of the church.

"What's this! Guards! Guards! Get up!"

With a commotion, the knights of the temple woke up. There were a total of four hundred knights of the Oedipus Temple. The well-trained knights quickly donned simple armor, some of them fighting to block off the seemingly endless skeletons at the entrance of the camp, while others quickly armed themselves. Occasionally, a priest had already started casting spells.

Under the dull holy light in the palace, Weena's ice-sculpted face could not see any fluctuations, gazing proudly at the necromancer in front of her.

The necromancer wore in a black robe, and his eye sockets burned with pale flames.

"I am Rodriguez, the necromancer you have been searching for for three hundred years." Rodriguez's voice sounded directly in Weena's heart.

Weena was immediately taken aback. With her level 16 Light Mage's mana, she could already be considered close to a demigod. This necromancer was actually able to break through her own mental protection and transmit directly in her own mind, so wouldn't that mean that his mental power was already so strong that he could control her? And that name, the most powerful necromancer of all, Rodriguez, would taint her with his evil even if she thought about it for a second!

"Let's see who the Saintess really is!" Once again, Rodriguez's voice sounded in Weena's mind. Flames rose fiercely in the necromancer's eyes, and an ice-cold mental wave rushed into Weena's mind and exploded. Weena grunted and a trace of blood flowed out of the corner of her mouth. Then one after another spirit shock directly exploded in Weena's mind.

She faltered and struggled, amazed at Rodriguez's immense power. "Why, would such a powerful evil escape the gaze of our Father's eyes?"  As another spiritual shock came, a surge of power struck everywhere in Weena's soul. The temple resounded with hymns of praise to God, and a holy light rushed out of Weena's body, dispersing Rodriguez's spiritual shock. A pair of white, shining wings with a hint of golden light slowly unfurled from behind Weena. With the aid of divine power, Weena slowly floated up into the air, her eyes having turned completely silver-white.

"In the name of the Holy Father, I will destroy the evil before me!" Weena's voice was  still elegant at the moment, but it had no human feeling in it. As she sang, hundreds of spheres of holy light quickly gathered around her.

"Hehe" Rodriguez laughed lowly, "I thought you were just an ordinary angel, but I didn't realize you were a mid-ranked light angel, it seems your supreme god didn't bless you".

As the light angel completed the spell, the chant in the temple rose violently, and holy light bullets flew towards Rodriguez like rain. The necromancer raised his magic wand, and grey-white flames erupted from around his body to form a flame shield. Numerous holy light bullets violently impacted the flame barrier, each explosion causing the flames to shake and dim a little. Within a moment, the necromancer had endured the impact of hundreds of holy light bullets, and the protective shield was crumbling. It was in this moment that Rodriguez's spell had been prepared. As his fingers finished drawing the last magic symbol, his left hand exploded into bone powder with a bang.

A huge magic circle surfaced on the ground behind Weena, and black flames rose into the sky. In the void above the circle, the head of an incomparably large bone dragon peeked out. The bone dragon stared intently at the light angel as its massive body slowly walked out of the void. Two-thirds of the hall of the temple had been occupied by this unprecedentedly huge bone dragon.

Weena, who had fully recovered her light angel battle form, was reasonably not afraid of the strongest undead creature like the bone dragon. However, the one in front of her was a bit unusual. A normal bone dragon would never be this big, at most only two-thirds the size of the one in front of her. The skeleton was pale or dark grey, and due to years of slumber, it was covered in dust and spider webs. This bone dragon had a deep black color, and several faint spell symbols appeared on its bones from time to time. As an Angel of Light, she should be able to deal with two bone dragons, so why would she be afraid?

"Something's wrong. I've never heard of a bone dragon being able to be summoned!"

Weena withdrew her wings and her white robe floated automatically. The temple's chant then rose to its highest pitch. She cast the Light Angel's strongest magic "Guardian of the Light Angel", thus protecting herself with a milky-white sphere of light.

"I told you, the Most High God did not bless you," The necromancer's cold voice sounded once more in Weena's heart. The bone dragon fluttered its only skeletal wings and raised its head to the heavens, a silent roar spreading quickly. Outside the temple, the templars and priests who were desperately attacking the undead creatures and trying to break into the temple seemed to have been hit hard. Some of the weaker knights spurted out a mouthful of blood and slowly fell to the ground. There was also a fluctuation in Weena's protective shield, and she was rushed back a few steps.

"Just a normal dragon roar is almost unbearable, if it's a dragon's spitting..." Weena didn't have time to think about it and turned around to escape. At that moment, the silent dragon's spitting arrived. Weena's shield fluctuated violently, appearing on and off. A sudden blinding glare, accompanied by a sudden storm, swept over everything in the temple. (spitting indicates that the creature emits energy with its mouth, mostly found in science fiction novels or movies. It mainly refers to the various types of dragon attacks: dragon spitting. It can have various effects, mainly fire and acid, but also ice.  It is usually conical or columnar in shape. The energy of the spitting is usually very powerful and destructive, as shown in novels and films.)

By the time everything calmed down, Weena was embedded in the mid-air walls of the temple. Her one white robe had been torn into strands of rags, and her snowy skin was mostly bare. As the storm calmed down, Weena's body slid to the ground, leaving a shocking bloodstain on the wall.

"Oh, worthy of a light angle, bearing the spitting of the demonic dragon Artestigra, but only suffering a little flesh wound! But now you've run out of divine power." Weena spat out a mouthful of blood, barely managed to pull up her shattered robe to block her already exposed breasts, and said with difficulty, "You should know that what you did today cannot escape the all-seeing eyes of your Heavenly Father. Even if your power surpasses mine, you won't be a match for any of the Lord Gods. Cough, cough.... Besides, the light of judgment will soon descend. No matter where you hide, you won't be able to escape the fate of being purified."

"It seems you don't know what I want yet. As a necromancer, I have reached the limits of my power in this world. No matter what I do, the light of judgment will descend upon me! God will not allow a power that can threaten him to appear. I've been hiding for three hundred years and I don't want to hide any longer. Now, my lovely light angel, give me your soul.".

"What! NO!!!! No ...." Weena suddenly screamed at the top of her voice, having completely lost her holy expression as an angel of light. The necromancer chanted another spell, and the arm bone of his left arm turned to ash again. With the completion of the spell, a figure slowly walked in from outside the temple. It was Bishop Bren. His normally well-maintained face was now iron blue, the wound in his throat had drained of blood, and the exposed flesh was white. Bren spotted Weena, his eyes gradually gathering on those white, straight, but bloodied and bruised thighs. The lust of the living had been intensified a thousandfold by the necromancy! The bishop, with a beastly roar in his throat, pounced on the angel of light.

In several mysterious halls on the continent, some powerful people are awakening from a deep sleep and looking towards the temple. All the people in Puss Harbor are awakening from their nightmares. Some walked out, startled to find that the night sky had turned a dark blood red, and the temples that used to be visible at a glance disappeared into the night. Slowly, the entire world seemed to shake slightly.

The temple echoed with the heavy breathing of the bishop like a wild animal. The altar made of gold made a piercing sound as if it was overwhelming. White clouds quickly rose from the sky outside the temple, sweeping towards the temple. The blood clouds that enveloped the temple were quickly outmatched and were compressed into a small piece of sky directly above the temple, but they were still struggling to hold on. Angry thunder resounded from the white clouds, and holy light shot down through the clouds. The undead creatures at the edge of the temple swiftly began to burn under the holy light. Waves of painful but silent cries struck the four directions.

The necromancer kept chanting incantations, and the bones on its body were exploding. The flames in its eyes were even hotter, staring at the tangled writhing body on the altar. With a thunderous roar, the most evil seeds were scattered all over Weena's body.

Weena's spirit finally collapsed at that moment. Only a small half of the necromancer's body remained, and his eyes flamed brightly, causing her skull to burst open. A small, transparent, yet dark shrouded human body flew out. The necromancer's mouth opened and spat out a bead. Layers of extremely complex magic matrices floated around the bead.

"Under this divine soul bead, I'll see where you can escape, hahahaha!"

The light angel's transparent soul was instantly sucked in by the magic bead. The necromancer took a glance at the imprisoned soul in the magic bead and laughed in a low voice that sounded like heavy thunder exploding in the sky. His only remaining skull then exploded, turning into a wisp of black gas that entered into the magic bead.

Strands of pale green flames shot out from the white clouds in the sky. The blood clouds had been burned away, and Puss Harbor was illuminated as if it were daylight. The inhabitants of the city stood on the streets, fearfully watching the vision in the sky.

The melodious hymn resounded once again, and a white pillar of light descended from the sky. The temple covered by the pillar of light began to burn, and the black gas quickly disappeared in the flames on after another.

In the year 682 of the sacred calendar, the Oedipus temple was desecrated by the dead. The most powerful necromancer, Rodriguez, was reduced to ashes by the light of judgment from the angry gods. The temple of Oedipus, known as the Temple of Light, was reduced to rubble by the fire of purification.
